docs(plugins): document append function (#6916)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/eval-source-map-dev-tool-plugin.mdx

- `test` (`string|RegExp|array`): Include source maps for modules based on their extension (defaults to `.js` and `.css`).
- `include` (`string|RegExp|array`): Include source maps for module paths that match the given value.
- `exclude` (`string|RegExp|array`): Exclude modules that match the given value from source map generation.
- `append` (`string|function`): Appends the given value to the original asset. Usually the `#sourceMappingURL` comment. `[url]` is replaced with a URL to the source map file. `false` disables the appending.

>   Since webpack 5.84.0, `append` can be a function that takes the path data and asset info object as arguments and returns a string:

Author: ```suggestion
  Starting from version 5.84.0, webpack allows the `append` option to be a function that accepts path data and an asset info object as arguments, and returns a string.
```
